Is this your congratulatory gift?
Sister, is this the painting you sent?
What a good moral
The Millennium King 80,000 Years
This is really a Chinese grandfather who is immortal
Besides, it stinks and it's distressing
Shen An, that's all you can do
Brother Mu Nian
Don't blame my sister.
I think my sister also wants flowers
But I really don't have that ability
explain
I've been out for so long
Who do you need to explain to?
Bo Lao
There may be some misunderstanding.
Huanhuan, it's a gift from Songhe
I don't know how it became like this
Yes, Bo Lao
There must be some misunderstanding
Little flower this is
Your ghost hospital
Explain
This painting is not mine
Mine was picked up and switched
This is clearly what you took out yourself
You were all watching it just now
Why do you say it's not yours?
Why?
Just because I'm the Xiuzuzi you just said